_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Add new publications and update CV details based on the old version data

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Postdoctoral Scholar, <a href='http://suncat.stanford.edu'>SUNCAT Center for Interface Science and Catalysis</a>,<br> <a href='https://www6.slac.stanford.edu/'>SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory</a>, <a href='https://stanford.edu'>Stanford University</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: dj_at_postech.jpg
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>djayshin_at_stanford.edu</p>
    <p>Palo Alto, California</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am currently working as a postdoctoral scholar in SUNCAT Center for Interface Science and Catalysis at SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory and Stanford University.

I obtained my Ph.D. degree in Chemical Engineering from Pohang University of Science and Technology (POSTECH).

My current research focuses on the `Design of Catalytic Materials`. I have studied atomistic phenomena on catalytic surfaces to develop materials with improved catalytic capability under the philosophy of rational design. To achieve this goal, I use computational approaches, e.g., `First-Principles Calculations` and `Artificial Intelligence (AI)`. Applications include heterogeneous catalysis for exhaust emission control, hydrogen production, and utilization of emission gas to realize carbon neutralization.
